
Symfony Demo
========================



Clone the app

```bash
git clone https://github.com/smerth/symfony-blog-and-job-board-demo-app.git
```

Set up empty database

Install dependancies

```bash
composer install
```



create the schema in your empty database

```bash
app/console doctrine:schema:create
```



install assets

```bash
app/console assets:install
```



clear cache

```bash
app/console cache:clear
```



run the app

```bash
app/console server:run
```



Now you have an fully working app.  But there is no data...



Create dummy users, blog posts and job listings

```bash
app/console doctrine:fixtures:load
```





Test the login using the admin credentials and 



Users are created from data loaded from 

@ /app/Application/Sonata/UserBundle/DataFixtures/ORM/LoadUserData.yml

```yml
# src/Application/Sonata/UserBundle/DataFixtures/ORM/LoadUserData.yml
useradmin:
    username: admin
    firstname: David
    lastname: Jacquel
    date_of_birth: 1980-10-20
    gender: m
    phone: +99999999999
    email: admin@example.com
    plainPassword: admin
    isAdmin: true

useralice:
    username: alice
    firstname: Alice
    lastname: Bonnon
    date_of_birth: 1968-12-27
    gender: f
    phone: +33675982044
    email: alice@example.com
    plainPassword: alice

userbob:
    username: bob
    firstname: Bob
    lastname: Leponge
    date_of_birth: 1976-10-24
    gender: m
    phone: +33898982044
    email: bob@example.com
    plainPassword: bob
```











## What can you do on the site?

Users with admin status can enter and publish blog posts.  Admin users can also log in and manage the site content: blog posts, comments, job listings and users.

Regular users can login and comment on blog posts.

Anonymous users should be able to post a job listing (currently broken.)



# About

This project started out as a study site for Symfony based on the Symfony Demo installation.  Then a job-board was added based on the Jobeet tutorial. 

Each App has its own folder:

- Symfony Demo -> `src/AppBundle`

- Jobeet Tutorial -> `src/Sm/JobsBundle`

So you can uninstall either or both.  You can add your own app, or use this project to see how I put things together (which may or may not be the best way...)

`app/Application/Sonata/UserBundle` is where you will find the admin backend installed since an admin backend is shared with any other app you install in the project.

`app/Resources` is where all the templating and front end work is done.  The Jobeet tutorial has its own folder `JobsBundle` but the Symfony Demo (the Blog app) relies on templates in `app/Resources/views`

`Resources` could be better organized so each app has its own folder (like JobsBundle.)  That would make is easier to add and delete apps as needed.

## Projects

Some of the projects I have integrated into this Symfony demo are: 

- FOS User Bundle 
- FOS Rest Bundle 
- Sonata Admin Bundle
- Slugify
- Faker 
- Alice 
- KPN Menu
- Assetic 
- Scssphp
- Php markdown 
- Swiftmailer

## Data

The demo data is generated by each app's appFixture.php file.  Jobs and blog posts use fakr data but users data employs an AppFixture that formats according to the needs of FOS User bundler User class.

So, with a little magic from Doctrine you can get it up and running in a flash.

## Caveat

This is a learning project for Symfony and I find the documentation on Symfony a bit thin, so no guarantees about what is best practice.
